docs: Update managed node requirements (#78468)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/installation_guide/intro_installation.rst

Control node requirements
=========================

For your _control_ node (the machine that runs Ansible), you can use nearly any UNIX-like machine with Python 3.8 or newer installed. This includes Red Hat, Debian, Ubuntu, macOS, BSDs, and Windows under a `Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) distribution <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about>`_. Windows without WSL is not natively supported as a control node; see `Matt Davis' blog post <http://blog.rolpdog.com/2020/03/why-no-ansible-controller-for-windows.html>`_ for more information.

.. _managed_node_requirements:

Managed node requirements
=========================

> The _managed_ node (the machine that Ansible is managing) does not require Ansible to be installed, but requires Python 2.7, or Python 3.5 - 3.11 to run Ansible library code.

Reviewer: Network devices can be managed with Ansible even though they do not have Python installed - can we add a link here to the network docs (see https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/network/getting_started/network_differences.html#execution-on-the-control-node)? and/or a note saying "Ansible can also manage some devices that cannot run Python. For example, many network devices do not have Python installed."?

Reviewer 2: Technically to manage a network device, the target becomes localhost from a module execution perspective.  So it still applies in the end.  It's just a caveat of a different execution mechanism performed for network devices.

Control node requirements
=========================

> For your _control_ node (the machine that runs Ansible), you can use nearly any UNIX-like machine with Python 3.9 or newer installed. This includes Red Hat, Debian, Ubuntu, macOS, BSDs, and Windows under a `Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) distribution <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about>`_. Windows without WSL is not natively supported as a control node; see `Matt Davis' blog post <http://blog.rolpdog.com/2020/03/why-no-ansible-controller-for-windows.html>`_ for more information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For your *control* node (the machine that runs Ansible), you can use nearly any UNIX-like machine with Python 3.9 or newer installed. This includes Red Hat, Debian, Ubuntu, macOS, BSDs, and Windows under a `Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) distribution <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about>`_. Windows without WSL is not natively supported as a control node; see `Matt Davis' blog post <http://blog.rolpdog.com/2020/03/why-no-ansible-controller-for-windows.html>`_ for more information.
```

Author: Done

.. _managed_node_requirements:

Managed node requirements
=========================

> The _managed_ node (the machine that Ansible is managing) does not require Ansible to be installed, but requires Python 2.7, or Python 3.5 - 3.11 to run Ansible library code [#].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The *managed* node (the machine that Ansible is managing) does not require Ansible to be installed, but requires Python 2.7, or Python 3.5 - 3.11 to run Ansible library code.
```

Author: Done

> .. [#] Network modules are an exception and do not require Python the managed device.  See :ref:`network_modules`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. note::
   Network and security modules are exceptions and do not require Python on the managed device.
```

Reviewer 3: The footnotes aren't rendering properly. Might be something to do with the sphinx theme. I tried a few approaches locally but couldn't get it to work.

Author: Done

.. _node_requirements_summary:

Node requirement summary
========================

The table below lists the current and historical versions of Python
required on control and managed nodes.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

>    * - Version

Reviewer 4: I think this should be more explicit, since this documentation is used both for ansible-core and Ansible, and these have very different version numbers:
```suggestion
   * - ansible-core version
```

Author: Done

     - Control node Python
     - Managed node Python
   * - 2.11

>      - Python 2.7, Python 3.5 - 3.9 [#]_

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     - Python 2.7, Python 3.5 - 3.9 `[†]`_
```

Reviewer 3: Tested this hack out and it works (and we've used it elsewhere) for a footnote-like experience.

Author: Done

     - Python 2.6 - 2.7, Python 3.5 - 3.9
   * - 2.12
     - Python 3.8 - 3.10,
     - Python 2.6 - 2.7, Python 3.5 - 3.10
   * - 2.13

>      - Python 3.10 - 3.10

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
     - Python 3.8 - 3.10
```

     - Python 2.7, Python 3.5 - 3.10
   * - 2.14
     - Python 3.9 - 3.11
     - Python 2.7, Python 3.5 - 3.11

> .. [#] Has a soft requirement of Python 3.8 as not packaged for older versions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
_`[†]`: Has a soft requirement of Python 3.8 as not packaged for older versions
```

Author: Done

Control node requirements
=========================

For your *control* node (the machine that runs Ansible), you can use nearly any UNIX-like machine with Python 3.9 or newer installed. This includes Red Hat, Debian, Ubuntu, macOS, BSDs, and Windows under a `Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) distribution <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about>`_. Windows without WSL is not natively supported as a control node; see `Matt Davis' blog post <http://blog.rolpdog.com/2020/03/why-no-ansible-controller-for-windows.html>`_ for more information.

.. _managed_node_requirements:

Managed node requirements
=========================

The *managed* node (the machine that Ansible is managing) does not require Ansible to be installed, but requires Python 2.7, or Python 3.5 - 3.11 to run Ansible library code.

.. note::

>    Network modules are an exception and do not require Python the managed device.  See :ref:`network_modules`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   Network modules are an exception and do not require Python on the managed device.  See :ref:`network_modules`.
```

Author: Done

.. _node_requirements_summary:

Node requirement summary
========================

The table below lists the current and historical versions of Python
required on control and managed nodes.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - ansible-core Version
     - Control node Python
     - Managed node Python
   * - 2.11
     - Python 2.7, Python 3.5 - 3.9 `[†]`_
     - Python 2.6 - 2.7, Python 3.5 - 3.9
   * - 2.12

>      - Python 3.8 - 3.10,

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
     - Python 3.8 - 3.10
```

Author: Done
